Our Linfu is the largest family in Haicheng
Naturally, there are many enemies
So from the day I was born
My parents sent me to the West
Toshio care
For the sake of one day
When we are in danger
Leave me as your last card
awake
It's so damn wonderful
I said, why don't you tell a story, you fake?
It's just genius
Since you said you are Lin Qianyu's twin sister
Evidence?
What about the evidence?
Of course I have proof
Do not believe
You can ask the three elders to send someone to Lin's ancestral hall
Get Lin's family tree and move it up
Look up there.
Is there any Lin Qianxun in three big characters?
presumptuous
Let three dignified elders marry your grandmother for you
You're just delusional
What else do you want to say to this counterfeit?
He just wants to buy time
Hurry up and find someone to do it
Hold on boss
Three elders
If you would like to help me today
I can count you as guilty and meritorious
As long as you can prove it for Miss Ben
I can return all your property
Three elders
Don't trust this woman
This man is as eloquent as a king
It doesn't take much to get up
Let's do it.